credits.md, before:

## Ghost eShop Project :
- [Ghost0159](https://github.com/Ghost0159) for the core project
- [TomTalker](https://github.com/tomtalker) for giving the idea to Ghost0159 to create the very first UniStore of Ghost eShop
- [Ghost eShop Team](https://github.com/ghost-land) (4 Members) for maintaining the Ghost eShop and continuing to maintain it

## Homebrew :
- [Ghost eShop Team](https://github.com/ghost-land)
- [Universal-Team](https://github.com/universal-Team/) for [Universal-Updater](https://github.com/universal-Team/universal-updater)
- [Ooggle](https://github.com/Ooggle) for some fixes in the download area
- [Citra](https://citra-emu.org/), [Nintendo](https://nintendo.com) & [RetroGameFan NDS Rom Tool](https://gbatemp.net/download/retrogamefan-nds-rom-tool-v1-0_b1215.35735/) for games icons
- [AnityEx](https://ko-fi.com/anityex) for the 3D banner
- [Icons8](https://icons8.com)

## Database (game icons, roms...) :
- [RetroGameFan NDS Rom Tool](https://gbatemp.net/download/retrogamefan-nds-rom-tool-v1-0_b1215.35735/) for DS icons
- [KirovAir](https://github.com/KirovAir) for creating [TwilightBoxart](https://github.com/KirovAir/TwilightBoxart) for DS BoxArts
- [Citra](https://citra-emu.org/) & [Nintendo](https://nintendo.com) for 3ds games icons
- [hShop](https://hshop.erista.me/) for a part of the games, dlc and 3DS update
- [NDS PASSION](https://www.nds-passion.xyz/) for a part of the European 3DS games
- [Ghost eShop Team](https://github.com/ghost-land) for DS games and others
- [ElghisJoestar](https://github.com/Elghis) for a few DS games
- [Duckyq](https://discord.com/users/447352661424078858) & [panda_bandicoot](https://discord.com/users/835466498129657868) for a few DS roms hack

## Translations :
- [Anonyku](https://github.com/anonyku) (Spanish)
- [Ghost0159](https://github.com/Ghost0159) (French)
- [Ghost eShop Team](https://github.com/ghost-land) (French, English & Spanish)
- [PlicyVimeo](https://github.com/kuragehimekurara1) (Japanese)

## Donor (for server support) :
- Airen
- [AnityEx](https://ko-fi.com/anityex)
- W00fer
- Victorma#8178
- Gunther
- Culex

## Other :
- [Dhalian](https://github.com/Dhalian) for some icons, as the former main icon of the Ghost eShop, and for the video "[Introducing Ghost eShop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kJPMQrV3TM&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)"
- [MaRiuS](https://github.com/M4riUSS) for helping to bring together all the members of the Ghost eShop Team, at the beginning

## YouTubers (for visibility) :
- [Ghost0159](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChxEA5WZPPDxAy6oYIFE6WA)
    - [Introducing Ghost eShop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kJPMQrV3TM&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Ghost eShop APK bug](https://youtube.com/shorts/BUC2l3Yoa7Y)
    - [Carrousel of Ghost eShop wiki](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qZJyUBrLG4&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Ghost eShop 3d banner first test](https://youtube.com/shorts/-DGHfmJsj3c)
    - [Ghost eShop 3d banner 2nde test](https://youtube.com/shorts/SrwDWl9nHU8)
    - [Ghost eShop 3d banner 3rd test](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9Se7eJj5gM&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [mike Gamers](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3JAGSa5tDqIA87Yr2WyD1g)
    - [LE SITE INDISPENSABLE POUR 3DS AVEC GHOSTESHOP NOUVELLE VERSION.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lylSvL1eqbM&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Week-end explosif 🔥🕹️🎮](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoS8HamLA4w&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [LE RETOUR DE GHOSTESHOP MAJ 13.0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rv4uqX2Lgfw&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Tecno Rodriguez](https://www.youtube.com/user/xFirepower2000x)
    - [3DS Tiendas | Ghost eShop vs 3hs | ¿Cúal es mejor?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jk7ssoyaBb4&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Ghost Eshop 3DS/2DS New y Old - Juegos y mas juegos desde la consola - actualizada 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NO-erES0Gc&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [JB Retrogamer](https://www.youtube.com/c/JBRetrogamer)
    - [3DS GHOST E-SHOP! A LOJA DE JOGOS ONLINE E ATIVA DO 3DS! 👏🏼](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hq8JGf_55fQ&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Gamba Gamer](https://www.youtube.com/c/GambaGamer)
    - [🛍️ Nintendo 3DS Tienda juegos Ghost eShop 🏪](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QobsF440cBw&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Xx_Zeus_xX](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNBUR1zgDs-Rkwex6y5LEYQ)
    - [download ghost eshop 3ds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRlyXEsRFIE&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [AJ170](https://www.youtube.com/c/AJ170)
    - [Two eShop Alternatives For The 3DS! (CFW Required)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-3zzF3LBDY&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Jailbreaking Homies](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgqg6xrmbPDkQToW9JwBuSw)
    - [GHOST SHOP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hphQ-LFfMY&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [༒みんねこཀ࿐](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMtIg6JKeHifJruk6Y_JjCA)
    - [Ghost eshop復活したぁ(今更)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKZPzS7g4ks&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Bafio](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRnCQP5yPIUWBkwkDiYyluQ)
    - [[2022] TUTORIAL scaricare e installare GHOST ESHOP su Nintendo 3ds/2ds (OLD/NEW)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjHE1ekeMCA&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [JuanChetto](https://www.youtube.com/c/JuanChetto)
    - [Como instalar la 3DS ghost eshop 2021 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xF9eqCOAjvM&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Juan Gomez](https://www.youtube.com/c/JuanGomez09)
    - [3DS, 2DS, New 3DS y New 2DS - Descargar juegos desde la Consola - Ghost Eshop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQOls7vhg5U&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [López Tutoriales](https://www.youtube.com/c/L%C3%B3pezTutoriales)
    - [3DS - Ghost Eshop, LA MEJOR APP para tu 2DS/3DS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfzTBqzpUJc&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [TecnoWolf](https://www.youtube.com/c/TecnoWolf)
    - [Ghost eShop, volvió mejor que nunca!!! - NINTENDO 2DS/3DS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fn45W4ybIuo&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Nueva Ghost eShop para Nintendo 2DS/3DS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwbKrA_5lmQ&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Felix 64](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcgLszRq2ZCn9X-mXWZDW-A)
    - [descargar juegos de 3ds directamente desde la consola](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQCHx-3LPl0&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [sthetix](https://www.youtube.com/c/sthetixofficial)
    - [THE GHOST SHOP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cl38n3sZu20&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [ClemFluoTikTokOFF](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJXELcCDZOMfHnZYPAVRMyg)
    - [Comment Télécharger Ghost Eshop Sur 3ds ? 👻🎮 (Partie 1)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_pICpoeUm4&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Comment Télécharger Ghost Eshop Sur 3ds ? 👻🎮 (Partie 2)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8c3Thr9Ry4k&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [蓮。村長](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOnziseEPDXhJgYhiNivi1Q)
    - [【3ds 改造】ソフトを無料でダウンロード⁈Ghost eShop導入解説【補足編】](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8v3sSMfKE-U&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [【3ds 改造】Ghost eShopが使えなくなった...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJtHTRBmQT8&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [【3DS 改造】無料でソフトをダウンロード？！Ghost eshop導入解説](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiJ2EqV2mIg&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Colorful Quest](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeMCVYTXJIHaX2M9sXQQeXg)
    - [Ghost eshop QR code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s55uE_-XRW0&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [CrY0han](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC91g-5xeeW7xAJTlZZmXnfw)
    - [INSTALLER GHOST ESHOP SUR 3DS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OE6o36DYvHg&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Anonyku](https://www.youtube.com/c/AnonyCub5)
    - [GHOST ESHOP version 12.5 / El mejor contenido para tu 3ds/2ds ya esta aqui / Anonyku 2021](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ9smVeU2IQ&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Instalar Ghost Eshop version 10.0.1 para (3DS-2DS) / Anonyku 2021](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jfcNAjr5gc&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [La nueva Ghost Eshop v10 para 3DS/2DS / Anonyku 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Py9hqByark&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [New Ghost eShop 3DS/2DS demo de la tienda definitiva / Anonyku 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k83pL8W8YtA&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Nuevas webs y QRs para 3DS/2DS Exclusivas de Ghost Eshop y Anonyku / 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGlV5yE2c0o&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Instalar new tienda de juegos Ghost eSHOP-cia en 3DS/2DS/ Anonyku 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nfhgVbt-RA&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Nueva tienda Ghost eShop .cia gratis para 3ds/2ds ultimas actualizaciones/Anonyku 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLBrQkVwnKE&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [KilluaDrinkingTea](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO7Yex6YVFGGbM-TAFHHmbg)
    - [How to dowload ghost eshop for nintendo 2ds and 3ds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkcGbeRS9CQ&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [A.x.l](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4qjmEg6Dmchj76QU_DYTtQ)
    - [TUTO : comment installer GhostEshop un freeshop pour 3ds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeqt64UIang&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Veste orange](https://www.youtube.com/c/OrangeJacketEpic)
    - [Actual ghost eshop download](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF9f_588jmk&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Ghost eshop QR code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fg6echOFPDs&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [thor_ maya40](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpHY3nH3DnqqtgyhzBp_Ktw)
    - [ghost eshop(12.0) nueva actualizacion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNRPufKboL4&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Venzel_Geek](https://www.youtube.com/c/VenzelGeek)
    - [[Инструкция] НОВЫЙ FreeShop на Nintendo 3DS [Ghost eShop]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vk-MRzivSXs&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Crashelido](https://www.youtube.com/c/Crashelido)
    - [[Tutorial] Vuelve la nueva Versión de Ghost Shop - Instalación super fácil con CIA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ibb0hCy3gA&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [[Tutorial ] OBSOLETO Nueva tienda GhostShop [Freeshop] para 3DS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tp5op0alEqY&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Storm Sora](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UColoAEka1NgXhwzoY2ZVbMQ)
    - [Temos UMA NOVA FREESHOP!? ANÁLISE Ghost EShop Alternative #AnáliseDoSora - 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yen4Q4KXoW4&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Denifer Switch](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCehmAStB0apBXrXa3LB1Aww)
    - [CONFERINDO A NOVA LOJA PARA O 3DS GHOSTSHOP!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3M0LYcoAbA&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Javier Castaño](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3iMO5uzxd0eLICaaY5WUxQ)
    - [Como Descargar e instalar la Nueva Ghost eShop 3Ds 2Ds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSyim_Khg2s&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Como Descargar e instalar la Nueva Ghost eShop 3Ds 2Ds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQIq5Bv8tLc&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [NintendoBrew](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAR-Uab7eQJwfoG2u8qGjOw)
    - [3DS Homebrew: Ghost eShop | FreeShop 2022 für den Nintendo 3DS (Review) [Deutsch|HD]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hE3677iRIrE&t=27s)

Commit message:

Update hShop credits & adding Ziperto credits

credits.md, after:

## Ghost eShop Project :
- [Ghost0159](https://github.com/Ghost0159) for the core project
- [TomTalker](https://github.com/tomtalker) for giving the idea to Ghost0159 to create the very first UniStore of Ghost eShop
- [Ghost eShop Team](https://github.com/ghost-land) (4 Members) for maintaining the Ghost eShop and continuing to maintain it

## Homebrew :
- [Ghost eShop Team](https://github.com/ghost-land)
- [Universal-Team](https://github.com/universal-Team/) for [Universal-Updater](https://github.com/universal-Team/universal-updater)
- [Ooggle](https://github.com/Ooggle) for some fixes in the download area
- [Citra](https://citra-emu.org/), [Nintendo](https://nintendo.com) & [RetroGameFan NDS Rom Tool](https://gbatemp.net/download/retrogamefan-nds-rom-tool-v1-0_b1215.35735/) for games icons
- [AnityEx](https://ko-fi.com/anityex) for the 3D banner
- [Icons8](https://icons8.com)

## Database (game icons, roms...) :
- [RetroGameFan NDS Rom Tool](https://gbatemp.net/download/retrogamefan-nds-rom-tool-v1-0_b1215.35735/) for DS icons
- [KirovAir](https://github.com/KirovAir) for creating [TwilightBoxart](https://github.com/KirovAir/TwilightBoxart) for DS BoxArts
- [Citra](https://citra-emu.org/) & [Nintendo](https://nintendo.com) for 3ds games icons
- [hShop](https://hshop.erista.me/) for a part of the 3DS games, 3DS updates & DLCs
- [Ziperto](https://www.ziperto.com/) for a few 3DS games, 3DS updates & DLCs
- [NDS PASSION](https://www.nds-passion.xyz/) for a part of the European 3DS games
- [Ghost eShop Team](https://github.com/ghost-land) for DS games and others
- [ElghisJoestar](https://github.com/Elghis) for a few DS games
- [Duckyq](https://discord.com/users/447352661424078858) & [panda_bandicoot](https://discord.com/users/835466498129657868) for a few DS roms hack

## Translations :
- [Anonyku](https://github.com/anonyku) (Spanish)
- [Ghost0159](https://github.com/Ghost0159) (French)
- [Ghost eShop Team](https://github.com/ghost-land) (French, English & Spanish)
- [PlicyVimeo](https://github.com/kuragehimekurara1) (Japanese)

## Donor (for server support) :
- Airen
- [AnityEx](https://ko-fi.com/anityex)
- W00fer
- Victorma#8178
- Gunther
- Culex

## Other :
- [Dhalian](https://github.com/Dhalian) for some icons, as the former main icon of the Ghost eShop, and for the video "[Introducing Ghost eShop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kJPMQrV3TM&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)"
- [MaRiuS](https://github.com/M4riUSS) for helping to bring together all the members of the Ghost eShop Team, at the beginning

## YouTubers (for visibility) :
- [Ghost0159](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChxEA5WZPPDxAy6oYIFE6WA)
    - [Introducing Ghost eShop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kJPMQrV3TM&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Ghost eShop APK bug](https://youtube.com/shorts/BUC2l3Yoa7Y)
    - [Carrousel of Ghost eShop wiki](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qZJyUBrLG4&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Ghost eShop 3d banner first test](https://youtube.com/shorts/-DGHfmJsj3c)
    - [Ghost eShop 3d banner 2nde test](https://youtube.com/shorts/SrwDWl9nHU8)
    - [Ghost eShop 3d banner 3rd test](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9Se7eJj5gM&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [mike Gamers](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3JAGSa5tDqIA87Yr2WyD1g)
    - [LE SITE INDISPENSABLE POUR 3DS AVEC GHOSTESHOP NOUVELLE VERSION.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lylSvL1eqbM&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Week-end explosif 🔥🕹️🎮](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoS8HamLA4w&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [LE RETOUR DE GHOSTESHOP MAJ 13.0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rv4uqX2Lgfw&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Tecno Rodriguez](https://www.youtube.com/user/xFirepower2000x)
    - [3DS Tiendas | Ghost eShop vs 3hs | ¿Cúal es mejor?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jk7ssoyaBb4&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Ghost Eshop 3DS/2DS New y Old - Juegos y mas juegos desde la consola - actualizada 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NO-erES0Gc&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [JB Retrogamer](https://www.youtube.com/c/JBRetrogamer)
    - [3DS GHOST E-SHOP! A LOJA DE JOGOS ONLINE E ATIVA DO 3DS! 👏🏼](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hq8JGf_55fQ&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Gamba Gamer](https://www.youtube.com/c/GambaGamer)
    - [🛍️ Nintendo 3DS Tienda juegos Ghost eShop 🏪](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QobsF440cBw&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Xx_Zeus_xX](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNBUR1zgDs-Rkwex6y5LEYQ)
    - [download ghost eshop 3ds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRlyXEsRFIE&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [AJ170](https://www.youtube.com/c/AJ170)
    - [Two eShop Alternatives For The 3DS! (CFW Required)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-3zzF3LBDY&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Jailbreaking Homies](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgqg6xrmbPDkQToW9JwBuSw)
    - [GHOST SHOP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hphQ-LFfMY&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [༒みんねこཀ࿐](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMtIg6JKeHifJruk6Y_JjCA)
    - [Ghost eshop復活したぁ(今更)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKZPzS7g4ks&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Bafio](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRnCQP5yPIUWBkwkDiYyluQ)
    - [[2022] TUTORIAL scaricare e installare GHOST ESHOP su Nintendo 3ds/2ds (OLD/NEW)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjHE1ekeMCA&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [JuanChetto](https://www.youtube.com/c/JuanChetto)
    - [Como instalar la 3DS ghost eshop 2021 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xF9eqCOAjvM&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Juan Gomez](https://www.youtube.com/c/JuanGomez09)
    - [3DS, 2DS, New 3DS y New 2DS - Descargar juegos desde la Consola - Ghost Eshop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQOls7vhg5U&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [López Tutoriales](https://www.youtube.com/c/L%C3%B3pezTutoriales)
    - [3DS - Ghost Eshop, LA MEJOR APP para tu 2DS/3DS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfzTBqzpUJc&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [TecnoWolf](https://www.youtube.com/c/TecnoWolf)
    - [Ghost eShop, volvió mejor que nunca!!! - NINTENDO 2DS/3DS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fn45W4ybIuo&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Nueva Ghost eShop para Nintendo 2DS/3DS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwbKrA_5lmQ&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Felix 64](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcgLszRq2ZCn9X-mXWZDW-A)
    - [descargar juegos de 3ds directamente desde la consola](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQCHx-3LPl0&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [sthetix](https://www.youtube.com/c/sthetixofficial)
    - [THE GHOST SHOP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cl38n3sZu20&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [ClemFluoTikTokOFF](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJXELcCDZOMfHnZYPAVRMyg)
    - [Comment Télécharger Ghost Eshop Sur 3ds ? 👻🎮 (Partie 1)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_pICpoeUm4&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Comment Télécharger Ghost Eshop Sur 3ds ? 👻🎮 (Partie 2)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8c3Thr9Ry4k&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [蓮。村長](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOnziseEPDXhJgYhiNivi1Q)
    - [【3ds 改造】ソフトを無料でダウンロード⁈Ghost eShop導入解説【補足編】](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8v3sSMfKE-U&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [【3ds 改造】Ghost eShopが使えなくなった...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJtHTRBmQT8&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [【3DS 改造】無料でソフトをダウンロード？！Ghost eshop導入解説](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiJ2EqV2mIg&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Colorful Quest](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeMCVYTXJIHaX2M9sXQQeXg)
    - [Ghost eshop QR code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s55uE_-XRW0&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [CrY0han](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC91g-5xeeW7xAJTlZZmXnfw)
    - [INSTALLER GHOST ESHOP SUR 3DS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OE6o36DYvHg&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Anonyku](https://www.youtube.com/c/AnonyCub5)
    - [GHOST ESHOP version 12.5 / El mejor contenido para tu 3ds/2ds ya esta aqui / Anonyku 2021](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ9smVeU2IQ&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Instalar Ghost Eshop version 10.0.1 para (3DS-2DS) / Anonyku 2021](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jfcNAjr5gc&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [La nueva Ghost Eshop v10 para 3DS/2DS / Anonyku 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Py9hqByark&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [New Ghost eShop 3DS/2DS demo de la tienda definitiva / Anonyku 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k83pL8W8YtA&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Nuevas webs y QRs para 3DS/2DS Exclusivas de Ghost Eshop y Anonyku / 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGlV5yE2c0o&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Instalar new tienda de juegos Ghost eSHOP-cia en 3DS/2DS/ Anonyku 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nfhgVbt-RA&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Nueva tienda Ghost eShop .cia gratis para 3ds/2ds ultimas actualizaciones/Anonyku 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLBrQkVwnKE&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [KilluaDrinkingTea](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO7Yex6YVFGGbM-TAFHHmbg)
    - [How to dowload ghost eshop for nintendo 2ds and 3ds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkcGbeRS9CQ&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [A.x.l](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4qjmEg6Dmchj76QU_DYTtQ)
    - [TUTO : comment installer GhostEshop un freeshop pour 3ds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeqt64UIang&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Veste orange](https://www.youtube.com/c/OrangeJacketEpic)
    - [Actual ghost eshop download](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF9f_588jmk&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Ghost eshop QR code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fg6echOFPDs&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [thor_ maya40](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpHY3nH3DnqqtgyhzBp_Ktw)
    - [ghost eshop(12.0) nueva actualizacion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNRPufKboL4&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Venzel_Geek](https://www.youtube.com/c/VenzelGeek)
    - [[Инструкция] НОВЫЙ FreeShop на Nintendo 3DS [Ghost eShop]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vk-MRzivSXs&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Crashelido](https://www.youtube.com/c/Crashelido)
    - [[Tutorial] Vuelve la nueva Versión de Ghost Shop - Instalación super fácil con CIA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ibb0hCy3gA&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [[Tutorial ] OBSOLETO Nueva tienda GhostShop [Freeshop] para 3DS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tp5op0alEqY&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Storm Sora](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UColoAEka1NgXhwzoY2ZVbMQ)
    - [Temos UMA NOVA FREESHOP!? ANÁLISE Ghost EShop Alternative #AnáliseDoSora - 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yen4Q4KXoW4&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Denifer Switch](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCehmAStB0apBXrXa3LB1Aww)
    - [CONFERINDO A NOVA LOJA PARA O 3DS GHOSTSHOP!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3M0LYcoAbA&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [Javier Castaño](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3iMO5uzxd0eLICaaY5WUxQ)
    - [Como Descargar e instalar la Nueva Ghost eShop 3Ds 2Ds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSyim_Khg2s&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
    - [Como Descargar e instalar la Nueva Ghost eShop 3Ds 2Ds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQIq5Bv8tLc&list=PLCXWv2VrEuia9MqM3-V7AX8jaibasxGIJ)
- [NintendoBrew](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAR-Uab7eQJwfoG2u8qGjOw)
    - [3DS Homebrew: Ghost eShop | FreeShop 2022 für den Nintendo 3DS (Review) [Deutsch|HD]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hE3677iRIrE&t=27s)
